Relax the naming rule of extension name (#1662)
riscv/riscv-isa-manual: src/naming.adoc

=== Additional Standard Unprivileged Extension Names

Standard unprivileged extensions can also be named by using a single "Z" followed by an
alphanumeric name. The name must end with an alphabetical character or an 

> optional version number. The second letter from the bottom cannot be a numeric if the

Reviewer: "a numeric" => "numeric"

Reviewer: "bottom" => "end"

> optional version number. The second letter from the bottom cannot be a numeric if the

Author: ```suggestion
optional version number. The second letter from the end cannot be numeric if the
```

> last letter is ``p''. For example, "Zifencei" names the instruction-fetch fence extension

Reviewer 2: I'm not well versed in asciidoc. Does ``p'' mean something? Documentation I found shows ``p`` would be monospace, but I couldn't find anything for mixing `` and ''.

Author: I'm not sure what is up with that either! Glad you found and fixed it.

Standard unprivileged extensions can also be named by using a single "Z" followed by an

> alphanumeric name. The name must end with an alphabetical character or an 

Reviewer 2: I think this paragraph is combining two things together. The sentence "The name must end with an alphabetical character or an optional version number" is making version number part of the "name". But, as the "Version Numbers" section says, the version number is encoded _after_ the name. The "name" of extensions must end in alphabetical character independent of whether there is a version number.

I think the "Version Numbering" and "Underscores" sections should be moved further down after the extension naming schemes are described. And all references to versions from the naming sections should be removed.

I'm happy to work on the change.

Reviewer: @kersten1 I'll be unavailable for a few days, but I'm happy to roll with whatever changes you and Craig agree upon.  Don't wait for me to merge.

Standard extensions that extend the supervisor-level virtual-memory
architecture are prefixed with the letters "Sv", followed by an alphabetical
name and an optional version number, or by a numeric name with no version number.

Other standard extensions that extend the supervisor-level architecture are 
named by using ``S'' as a prefix, followed by an alphanumeric name. The name 
must end with an alphabetical character or an optional 

> version number. The second letter from the bottom cannot be a numeric character

Reviewer: "a numeric character" => "numeric"

Reviewer: "bottom" => "end"

> version number. The second letter from the bottom cannot be a numeric character

Author: ```suggestion
version number. The second letter from the end cannot be numeric character
```

The "Sh" prefix is used by the few hypervisor-level extensions that have no
supervisor-visible effects.

=== Machine-level Instruction-Set Extension Names

Standard machine-level instruction-set extensions are prefixed with the
letters "Sm".

Standard machine-level extensions should be listed after standard
lesser-privileged extensions, and like other multi-letter extensions, must be
separated from other multi-letter extensions by an underscore. If multiple
machine-level extensions are listed, they should be ordered alphabetically.

=== Non-Standard Extension Names

Non-standard extensions are named by using a single "X" followed by the alphanumeric 
name. The name must end with an alphabetic character. The 
second letter from the end cannot be numeric if the last letter is 
"p". For example, "Xhwacha" names the Hwacha vector-fetch ISA 

> extension;

Author: ```suggestion
extension.
```

Bargle may be named "RV64IZifencei_Xargle_Xbargle".

If multiple non-standard extensions are listed, they should be ordered

> alphabetically. Like other multi-letter extensions, they should should be

Author: ```suggestion
alphabetically. Like other multi-letter extensions, they should be
```

=== Non-Standard Extension Names

Non-standard extensions are named by using a single "X" followed by the alphanumeric 
name. The name must end with an alphabetic character or an optional version number. The 

> second letter from the bottom cannot be a numeric if the last letter is 

Reviewer: "a numeric" => "numeric"

Reviewer: "bottom" => "end"
